Let life be beautiful like summer flowers and death like autumn leaves.

生如夏花之绚烂，死如秋叶般静美



The world has kissed my soul with its pain, asking for its return in songs.

世界以痛吻我，要我报之以歌。



“Eyes are raining for her，heart is holding umbrella for her，this is love”.

眼睛为她下着雨，心却为她打着伞，这就是爱情。



The waterfall sing, "I find my song, when I find my freedom."

瀑布歌唱道："当我找到了自己的自由时,我找到了我的歌。"



Stray birds of summer come to my window to sing and fly away. And yellow leaves of autumn, which have no songs, flutter and fall there with a sign.

夏天的飞鸟，飞到我的窗前唱歌，又飞去了。秋天的叶，它们没有什么可唱，只叹息一声，飞落在那里。



A Troupe of little vagrants of the world, leave your footprints in my words.

世界上的一队小小的漂泊者呀，请留下你们的足印在我的文字里。



If you shed tears when you miss the sun, you also miss the stars.

如果你因失去了太阳而流泪，那么你也将失去群星了。



It is the tears of the earth that keep here smiles in bloom.是大地的泪点，使她的微笑保持着青春不谢。



The sands in your way beg for your song and your movement, dancing water. Will you carry the burden of their lameness?

跳舞的水啊，你路上的沙子乞求你的歌声和你的动作。你愿意承担他们跛脚的重担吗？



Once we dreamt that we were strangers. We wake up to find that we were dear to each other.

有一次，我们梦见大家都是不相识的。我们醒了，却知道我们原是相亲相爱的。



The furthest distance in the world Is not between life and death But when I stand in front of you Yet you don t know that I love you.

世界上最遥远的距离，不是生与死；而是我就站在你的面前，你却不知道我爱你。



The world puts off its mask of vastness to its lover. It becomes small as one song,as one kiss of the eternal.

世界对着它的爱人，把它浩瀚的面具揭下了。它变小了，小如一首歌，小如一回永恒的接吻。



her wishful face haunts my dreams like the rain at night.

她的热切的脸，如夜雨似的，搅扰着我的梦魂。



sorrow is hushed into peace in my heart like the evening among the silent trees.

忧思在我的心里平静下去，正如暮色降临在寂静的山林中。



My heart, the bird of the wilderness, has found its sky in your eyes.

我的心是旷野的鸟，在你的眼睛里找到了它的天空。



You smiled and talked to me of nothing and I felt that for this I had been waiting long.

你微微地笑着，不同我说什么话。而我觉得，为了这个，我已等待得久了。



Like the meeting of the seagulls and the waves we meet and come near.The seagulls fly off, the waves roll away and we depart.

我们如海鸥之与波涛相遇似地，遇见了，走近了。海鸥飞去，波涛滚滚地流开，我们也分别了。



We come nearest to the great when we are great in humility.

当我们是大为谦卑的时候，便是我们最接近伟大的时候。



We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.

我们把世界看错了，反说它欺骗我们。